-Get goin', go on -Get goin', go on
-Take friends along -Take friends along
-Go do it all -Go do it all
We all just gotta unplug
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Just like the way Doug unplugs
Hey!
Your turn, son.
Doug? Doug?
Oops! Sorry, Dad. I'm here.
I just can't wait to go to my Grandbot and Nana's farm.
Is that why you're plugging in, Doug?
Yeah, to learn all about farming.
Heard you wanted farm facts So let's set the record straight
This is where most Fresh food originates
A big-wheeled tractor Spreads seeds all around
Then veggies grow Near or under the ground
Fruit blooms on bushes Vines and trees
Grain sprouts in fields swaying Tall in the breeze
Goats in the stable Cows in the barn
Food for your table Fresh from the farm
First we store it in a silo
Then drive it miles and miles
And I said...
From the store into your arms
Now you know A lot of things about the farm
Wow! I know so much about farms.
I want to use what I learned to help my nana and grandbot out.
Sounds great, sweetie, but first we have to pick up your friend Emma.
Hello, robo-family!
-Doug! -Emma!
Thanks so much for inviting me to the farm, guys.
I've been so excited to go, I got this great book from the library.
I read it cover to cover.
Sometimes when I was even under the covers.
I plugged in to learn all about farming, too.
Wait a minute.
So what you're saying is you know everything about farms,
and I know everything about farms...
Do you know what that makes us, my shiny friend?
-What? -The Farming Dream Team.
Well, Farming Dream Team, I have an extra surprise for you.
Doug's grandbot is going to bake an apple-blueberry pie
to celebrate our visit.
Fantastic. Let's go, go, go to the farm.
Nana, Grandbot!
-Beep, beep. Boop, boop. -Hi, Doug.
This is my friend, Emma.
Thanks for inviting me, Grandbot and Nana.
We're pleased as a processor that you came to visit us, too.
Beep, beep, boop, Dad.
Good to see you, Bob Bot.
Hey, what do you say, kids, you wanna go on a quick tour of our farm?
Yes, please.
Then follow me. First stop, the cows.
Everyone, meet Moochelle.
Moolanie.
Moogret.
And Moo-Phyllis.
Moo-Phyllis? Come on out, girl.
She says, "Hi."
You see, kids, these cows are--
Milk cows! I know, Nana.
You can tell because of their black and white spots.
Doug, Doug, Doug. Check it out.
Over here's a rain barrel. It's for catching rain to water crops.
And look, there's a silo for storing wheat.
-And a wind turbine. -Wow!
How do you kids know so much about farms?
Because I plugged in to learn all about them.
And I read this fantastic book about farms.
We know everything.
In fact... today we could be the farmers.
Doug, that is quite simply the greatest idea you've ever had.
Please, Nana and Grandbot?
-We could do it. -Yeah!
We're the Farming Dream Team.
Well, I guess you can try. But there's lots to do.
Yeah, I mean, you'd have to collect the ingredients for my pie.
You'd need to pick blueberries and apples. Then you'd have to milk the cows
because we'll need a calcium-rich glass of milk to wash the pie down with.
Are you sure you can do it all, Doug?
Of course we can, Grandbot.
-Okay. -If you need us, we'll be inside.
All right, Farmer Doug, what ingredient do we need to collect first?
Let's see, Farmer Emma.
It's the blueberries.
Let's pick these bushes clean.
You want them clean? Okay. I'll use a vacuum.
What?
No, wait, Doug.
That's not what I...
meant.
Blueberries on attack!
Okay, lesson learned. You don't robo-vacuum blueberries.
No, Farmer Doug. You don't.
Besides, we don't wanna pick all the berries anyway.
Just the squishy, plump ones.
They're ripe, which means they're really sweet.
I detect deliciousness.
Here you go, Grandbot, the first ingredient for your pie.
Thanks, kids.
Next up, apples.
Wow! Look at that.
They're growing high up on those trees, Emma.
Then it's a good thing, Doug, that I was born to leap!
Here I go.
How does anyone jump high enough to pick those?
You can't do it, Emma, and you were born to leap.
I know!
Maybe there's another way.
Wait, I remember seeing something in my book.
Yeah, check it out, Doug.
These farmers are using tools to pick apples,
like ladders and stilts and that long grabby-thingy.
But we don't have any tools like that.
Or do we?
Apples coming down.
Here you go, Grandbot, the second ingredient.
Excellent work, farmers. This pie is ready to bake.
All we need now is a nice, cool glass of milk to drink with it.
Which means we have to milk the cows.
Come on, Farmer Emma. Let's get 'em into the barn.
That's where you milk them.
Come on, cows. Let's go.
Into the barn.
This is harder than I thought. These cows don't listen.
Yeah, they're kind of "moody."
So what do we do? Does your book say anything?
There's nothing in here about how to get stubborn cows to follow you.
I didn't download any information on that either.
Well, we can't give up, Doug. We're the Farming Dream Team!
Please, please, cows?
Come on! Honk, honk!
Yeah.
Emma, I believe I just scared the cows.
I believe you did, Doug.
And I also believe we gotta stop 'em! Come on!
Stop, cows, stop!
Please?
We sincerely apologize for scaring you.
Does your book say what to do, Emma?
Nope. Nope. Nope.
Okay, Doug. Bad news.
There's definitely nothing in my book about stopping runaway cows.
Oh, no! What do we do now?
We told my grandbots we could do this.
Don't worry, kids!
Nana and Grandbot?
-Follow us! -We'll show you what to do.
Hang on, Farmer Emma.
Go, Farmer Doug, go!
All right, Doug. It took us a long time to learn this.
But if you want our cows to stop...
First, you have to make this sound.
Now you try.
Hey, they stopped.
Not only that.
Some of the cows will even follow when you...
But why didn't we know that? We were supposed to know everything.
I thought we got this, but we don't.
Kids. It's okay. You're not supposed to know everything.
We're not?
No way. I mean, where's the fun in that?
Sure, you can plug in or read lots of great information,
but there are some things you can only learn by doing.
It takes time and experience.
Like our cows.
We've been raising them since they were baby calves.
It wasn't easy at first.
Sometimes it isn't easy now.
But over the years, we learned tricks to get them to follow us.
Like...
Or scratching their ears. That one's Moogret's trick.
While Moo-Phyllis will go wherever the food--
Careful, girl. Wherever the food is.
Genius.
Let's try it too.
Hey, look at this.
Moolanie loves to dance.
Good work, Doug. Now that's a new one.
Come on, farmers. We'll milk these cows.
Then it's time for pie.
Great pie, Dad.
I can't believe all the ingredients came from this very farm.
Incredible fact. Incredible taste!
I know. So good.
Well, I couldn't have made it without our Farming Dream Team.
Right, Emma and Doug?
Doug?
Sorry, everyone. I've been working on a farming digi-book.
It shows everything we learned today. Like making this sound...
Wow.
-Intriguing. -Amazing.
Great job, Doug.
Doug? How come some of the pages are blank?
They're to fill out later, Nana.
Because like you said, there's always more to learn.
Look at all that wonderful info.
Fantastic.
Optable layout, son.
What a smart idea.
Well, that's one more fact you can add to your book, Doug.
What's that, Emma?
Cows can sure move.
Get it? They're cows and they "moove."
Now, come on. Let's get the pie back. Moo.
I guess cows love pie too.
Moo-Phyllis!
Beep, boop.
How exciting!
An old wrench and a pair of worn-out sneakers
gives us exactly 655 possible reboot options.
What should we do, family?
We can turn them into a car wheel, mini-golf clubs, a trampoline--
Good morning, rebots.
How are my favorite robots doing?
We're your favorite robots?
We're doing great.
Emma. Emma. Emma.
Happy to see you too, Critter Bot.
Nice new safety panel.
You mean my stylish helmet?
I wear it for protection when I ride...
Concrete Thunder!
Boom.
It's my bicycle. See?
It's got beads on the wheels that sound like rain when they turn,
colorful streamers that streak like lightning,
a little basket for my teddy.
Better check the weather 'cause this bicycle is a perfect storm.
And I'm the thunder!
So what's it for?
I better plug in and find out.
These are the spokes They fan all around
The rim and the tire Tread along the ground
Two tires on a bike Connected by a chain
All assembled neatly
-On a safe and sturdy frame -Come on.
Sitting here on top on this comfy seat
Adjusted to your height Steady pedals with your feet
Add some fancy handlebars
Firm up your grip Elbows apart
Look straight ahead Kick off to start
Whoa, this is pretty hard
We're riding bikes
Gonna get there faster Wind is blowing through my hair
Exercise and transport Bikes will get us there
So a bicycle is a vehicle you ride.
But according to my data, that's not easy to do.
So I have a big question. Why do humans ride bikes?
To feel the wind in your hair, Doug.
To see the world pass you by as you pedal.
To get that thrill when rubber meets the road.
-When rubber meets the-- -Do you know what?
You'll just have to learn to ride a bike and see for yourself.
-Really? -Totally!
And I'm gonna teach ya.
Time to unplug and get riding.
Only, I don't have a bike to ride.
You do now, son!
We rebooted it for you out of those old wrenches and shoes.
Thanks, Mom and Dad.
I can't bot-lieve it! I have my own bike!
You sure do, Doug. Now let's Dougify it!
Robots, if you please.
Introducing Doug's new bike!
Doug, what's the name of your new bike?
The Robo-Racer?
Yeah.
The Robo-Racer!
-Wow! Two wheels. -Yeah!
Okay.
Prepare yourself, Doug, for I'm gonna teach you how to ride a bike.
And rest assured, you're in good hands, my shiny friend, because I never fall.
We'll start with pedaling, and then moving on to balancing,
then turning, and then stopping.
Like so.
Thank you. Now let's do this!
-First step, pedaling. -Pedaling?
Yup. I'm gonna hold on to your bike and run next to you
so you can get used to pedaling. Ready?
Put your metal to the pedal.
Okay, that's enough metal on pedal, Doug.
Jenny, can you help?
Of course I can help, Emma.
If you need fast, you call Droneberg.
Thanks, Jenny! I can feel that wind.
I'm pedaling!
You sure are, my shiny friend,
which means you're ready for the next step.
Balancing on your own.
I'll be honest with you, Doug, this is the--
Shakiest step of all.
That does seem shaky.
So why don't I use my robo-level?
It's programmed to help me stay perfectly balanced.
See? If I lean too far to this side,
the dot moves and tells me I'm about to tip over.
Same for this side.
Nice!
With robo-tools like those, you can never fall like me.
Wow! I think I've got the hang of this!
Another perfectly safe day at Rebots.
Excuse me, Safety Bot.
Look out! I'm coming through!
Well, of course. Let me safely move out of the way.
Only, which way?
Doug, we're skipping to step three, steering!
Use your handlebars to steer around Safety Bot!
I did it, Emma! I'm steering and pedaling!
Learning two steps at once? I've never seen anything like it!
-I am one good teacher. -Beep, boop!
That's as close to danger as I ever want to get.
I'm okay!
All right, Doug. You're three steps down.
Ready to crush the next one?
Sure. Should I call Crush Bot?
I'm crushing it.
Not that kind of crushing.
I mean you would do great at it.
It's stopping.
Stopping?
I know!
Stopping system activated.
Did I crush it?
Kinda, but next time you can just squeeze these brake levers to stop.
You got it. Squeeze till you stop.
Now it's time for the final step,
right after we do a celebratory dance break!
Let's go over the checklist.
You've nailed pedaling, rocked balancing.
And crushed steering.
Now it's time to put it all together.
I can feel it in my programming, Emma. I'm gonna ride this bike.
Yeah, you are.
And I'll be riding next to you every pedal of the way.
Let's go, Concrete Thunder!
And Robo-Racer!
I almost got it, Emma.
Almost-riding-your-bike high five!
Emma! Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm okay.
It's just that I never fall, at least, not in a really, really long time.
That's all right.
Here you go, Emma.
Come on, we can get back on our bikes.
I don't know, Doug.
Beep?
-I don't know, Critter Bot. -Beep!
I fell off my bike.
Now I'm scared to get back on.
I don't wanna tell Doug 'cause I don't wanna stop him from riding.
Thanks, little bot.
Emma. Emma.
Time to put all my steps together and finally ride this bike.
All right, everybody!
-See you on the other side of the path. -Keep biking, son!
-Don't stop now, Doug! -That's one fast bot.
You're crushing it!
Pedal. Steer. Balance.
Stop and...
Keep biking, son!
I'm riding my bike.
This is amazing!
I can feel the wind in my gears,
see the world passing me by as I pedal.
The feeling when rubber meets the road.
Emma, I totally get why humans ride bikes now.
-You do? -Yeah.
It makes all the time and effort and even the falls worth it.
Come on and join me.
Well, actually, Doug...
Boop, beep.
I'm a little scared.
Are your caution sensors going off?
Yeah, kinda.
It was the fall. It made me not wanna get back on my bike.
We don't have to ride today, Emma. We could do something else.
Well, I do love to ride.
And seeing you ride, Doug, makes me want to feel the wind in my hair again.
But if I'm gonna get back on that seat, I'm gonna need a little help.
Ready, Emma?
I think so.
Ready, Jenny?
I'm programmed ready, Doug-o.
Okay, here goes.
Let's roll, Concrete Thunder.
Ejecting in five, four, three, two, one.
You're riding again, Emma!
The lightning is back on the thunder!
Grab Robo-Racer, Doug, 'cause we're going for a ride.
I have an idea! Let's all go!
Yay!
Remember, bot, it's pedal, balance, steer, and stop.
Check that robo-level, Mr. Bot.
Is that what that is? I can feel it.
-Here we go! -Yeah.
Wow! What a special day! Thanks for teaching me how to ride, Emma.
Thank you for getting me back on my bike, Doug.
I couldn't have done it without you.
Beep, boop!
And you too, Critter Bot.
We're riding bikes
Gonna get there faster Wind is blowing through my hair
Exercise and transport Bikes will get us there